[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO: Who
are the world's agricultors?
I am your host and
guide Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, we will explore
how these genetic scientists
operate and influence
Earth and human evolution.
The first time I started
to remember the universe,
I was 15 years old.
And I felt really, really
tiny because the universe
was so big.
And I couldn't reach
every part of it.
the shape of it--
how long it was, how big it was.
And it was really
difficult to understand
where to put all the
dimensions, all the stuff, all
the matter, vibrations.
Everything was so big that I
couldn't understand anything.
And I had headaches every
day trying to understand it
until one of my guides
from the fifth dimension
told me that the only way you
can understand the universe
is not by looking up and trying
to understand how it works--
the galaxies and
the solar systems.
But the way you can measure
it and understand it
is with the closest
reality you could have.
And that's your own body.
So instead of saying,
look into the universe
to reach God, he told me, look
at yourself as your own God,
like holding inside of
you a whole universe.
And as close as you
get to your body,
you will see every system
working and spinning
like galaxies and
clusters and black holes.
And all these structures
that are within you
can help you to understand
how everything works.
He said, for the universe, you
are like an electron spinning
around a planet
between the polarity
of positive and negative.
So imagine that every
electron in your body
is a person living in different
planets, a being trying
to understand and evolve.
The electrons has no idea what
is the boundary of your body.
They can't see the boundaries.
They don't see the organs.
They don't see the bones.
They don't see your
eyes, your shape.
They can only feel
that they are connected
to other beings around; other
electrons, other protons,
and neutrons and
that they are built
by other vibrations
and frequencies that
are within them.
So when you understand
that you, a person,
are an electron spinning around
a proton, which is the planet,
and that structure is building
a molecular structure, which
is the solar system, and
then the galaxy is a cell
and the cell is a part
of an organ, which
is a cluster of
galaxies, then you
can understand that you
were always inside of you.
And that's the main idea
of how the universe works.
It takes the tiny
part of the universe
and just replicates this in
the same shape over and over.
This is the best way
you can understand
that you are living in an
organ of the entire system.
Everything that you see is
just not stars in the skies.
They are cells,
organs in this body.
As everything is just a
reflection from the bigger
body to the small body,
we can relate everything
with everything.
So to understand, for
example, our world,
we can understand that
every part of the planet
has organs as we do.
We have our own
organs, the chakras
that make the organs work.
And we also have continents that
are the organs of the planet.
But we can also understand
that the planet is an organ
inside the solar system.
For us, the solar
system is another living
being with the pancreas in
the Sun, which is the plexus,
and then all the other chakras
around, like, for example,
Venus and Earth being our uterus
and kidneys of this system.
So that means that
we are the sacrum
system of this solar system.
We are both working to
create life in this system.
So we are this part
of the body creating
the energy so the whole
body could survive,
could create a new
organ inside the galaxy.
And then Mercury and
Uranus are the mouth
and the third eye of
the system, so the mind
and the voice of the truth.
And then Neptune and
Mars would be the systems
to make root in the matter.
So that would be like the
genitals and the root chakra.
Then we have the biggest
organ that helps us to exist,
which is Jupiter.
And Jupiter for us is the heart.
It's not the Sun.
The Sun is what makes
us recognize who we are.
But the heart of the system
that allows life in our planets
is the heart chakra,
which is Jupiter.
Saturn is the crown
chakra of this system
but not in the way
of enlightenment.
But it's the one that helps
us to understand that matter
is the one that gives
meaning to everything
that is surrounding the system.
For the body in the
universe, the main core
is not the crown chakra.
The crown chakra is
just the one that
helps all the ethereal things to
be downloaded into the material
realities.
So that's why for
the systems, it's
the plexus the
core of everything.
So the Sun is not lighted
in the crown chakra,
it is the plexus that
holds everything together.
When we try to think about the
most important time and moments
of human history
on this planet, we
shouldn't think
about what happened
with the DNA modification.
We are not thinking about
aliens coming on this planet.
The main transformation
that we've
been through these
thousands of years
is something that people
that study history and people
that know about what happened
in the past would agree.
And that moment was
when the humans,
instead of looking for
survival around the planet,
they discovered agriculture.
The moment in which
the nomads started
to make settlements, when they
created the first villages,
and they designed this way
of harvesting their own food
was the main moment when
the whole civilization,
the whole idea of
humanity changed forever.
The moment of
agriculture-- the moment
when humans decided
and discovered
that when they were
looking into the sky,
they saw how the plants,
the minerals were attached
to this movement through
solstice and equinox,
they discovered the keys
to make the plants grow.
And they discovered
by themselves
the way they can change the
plants, the fruits, the seeds
so they could harvest them,
they could storage them,
and they could
survive through time.
Agriculture is
for a civilization
the roots that gives us the
energy, the amount of vibration
that we need from
the underworld.
And that connects us with
the power of survivor,
the power of living in
this planet, the history.
Everything that connects us
to the core of this planet
is related to what we eat.
Everything that is relating us
with the system of this planet
is through our food.
So when we were able to
control our own food,
that moment changed
our blood forever.
That moment changed
our DNA and made humans
to be aware of the
power that they had
to transform all the realities.
For every civilization, when
they discover agriculture,
it means that we are now
able to understand that we
can control everything from us.
But agriculture is not
something that is only here
in this planet.
Agriculture is something that
goes into all the material
reality of the third
dimension and that touches
everything that creates
energy to feed the being.
As further you go
in the galaxy, you
will need more and more
energy to hold this system.
So for us, every one of us in
our houses, in our villages,
in our countries would try
to work with agriculture
to storage all these seeds
to create our own food.
But for those species that reach
to go outside their own planets
and they start to leave
to inhabit other planets
and other systems and
even constellations,
they understood that in order
to bring that energy, to connect
with the energy of the spirit,
they needed to harvest energy
in every planet.
And that is how the agricultures
of the worlds appear.
The shape of these
beings were really big,
like twice our bodies.
And they had like a human shape
but with the head of an ant,
this head like the
shape of a heart
and big eyes like ants but
with the mouth of a human.
They have these
shiny colors that
change according
to the rays of sun
and bodies were like
the skin of a fish.
And this organization goes
through all other systems
and galaxies that flies
in this kind of machines
with the shape of a lotus, like
many leaves that moves around.
And they close like a lotus.
And they open like a lotus.
And they keep this
information of every species
in those chambers
that are like flowers.
And they bring this information
to each one of the planets.
And they bring to the main
storage information in Orion.
They try to seed
every seed of genetics
in every conscious planet
in different planets
so they could storage
this information
and not have it
just in one place
just in case something happened.
They were trying to build these
greenhouses in every world
so we could have different
ways to adapt this energy.
We have to remember that for
them, the universe is not
called like God.
It's called the tree.
We also have in our cultures
these names of the tree
of life, the tree of the
universe, the sephirot.
They are all the codes
to understand how
the universe works like a tree.
And every planet is like
a fruit in this tree.
So for them, God is the
main tree, the white tree.
And this white tree
has many planets that
are the fruits of this tree.
So what they do is to harvest
the seeds and stores the seeds
in different greenhouses
so they could then
look for that
information and take it
from this planet and
seed other planets
so the information
never is lost.
I had the opportunity to be
part of this organization
when I was living
in a planet close
by what is now called
Rigel in Orion's portal.
The constellation of
Orion has a lot of beings.
And one of the
organizations that they had
were the world's agricultures.
I was part of one of
those species that were
working with the agricultures.
And what we used
to do was to seek
for worlds in
process of evolution
so we could say to all
of them where to go
and which DNAs we have to pick.
So the main agricultors
would bring this information
to our planets.
And they would see these
cells, these main materials,
like in a holographic lab where
they could see the cell so big.
And they could open the
cell in this hologram.
And by vibration with some
tools in their fingers--
with vibration, they would
reorganize the patterns
of the DNA so it could be
balanced to the information
of our worlds.
We did these modifications
to adapt some other species
to different planets.
And this worked for us to
create a vast amount of energy
in different worlds.
It's terrible to
think right now how
the agricultors of the galaxy
used to see the worlds.
But just think about
your own fields
when you try to
harvest your own food.
When you see a carrot,
lettuce, a tomato and then
you cut it to eat, do
you think about every one
of the cells of these
vegetables that you are eating?
That's the question
you have to do
to understand how in a bigger
spectrum, in the galaxy,
many species work.
They cannot even see humans.
They see cells.
This civilization from
where I was part of,
we've been trying to reach
this planets that could be
in the work of consciousness.
So the harvest of
this information
wouldn't be through
the unconscious.
If all these worlds that
were creating energy
were seeded in
unconscious worlds, so
worlds that were
dying, these planets
wouldn't be the proper way
to connect with the self,
with the main source
of the universe.
So that is why we needed to
seek for conscious planets that
were trying to reach us a way
to speak with the universe.
That is why Earth is
one of those places that
started to seek for the
mind, for the awareness,
for the spirituality.
And this is why this
planet was chosen
and humanity was chosen to be
one of the main engines that
creates these seeds
for these agricultures
to seed all this amount
of conscience energy
around the galaxy.
During the process
of Orion's war, what
I remember was a lot of us,
a lot of the agricultors
had pointed to Earth saying we
need to bring our information
and to be ourselves the
storage of this information.
So a lot of us--
many of us decided
to die in these dimensions
and be born in this world.
So from this world,
from being humans,
we could harvest our own energy
and teach others how to do so.
The main thing that
many of us were
trying to teach in
this humanity was
to make the seeds of
every one of our flowers.
And that's why in every
main culture in history,
the main flowers were every
one of the chakras that
were trying to reach
this energy, this nectar,
feeding the energy of ourselves.
So if we properly work
with enlightenment
of our own flowers
in our body, we
would become the seeds to
feed not only other species
in the galaxy but also
the whole universe.
Think about your own body.
If you don't eat properly,
you won't think properly.
You need to eat better.
You need to eat light in
order to reach the mind.
So the perfect amount
of energy that you
eat of seeds, fruits,
plants will give you
all the energy of the sun
through photosynthesis
that, when you eat it, it
will become your blood.
Through your blood, you
will reach the vibration
that you need in order
to activate every chakra.
And when you activate
every chakra,
all the system, the
nervous system of your body
will work properly.
Now imagine that
this process that you
have in your own body,
all these cells that you
eat from other animals,
plants, stones--
everything, every mineral,
every vegetable that you eat,
they would store that
information that you eat.
And it goes to your system.
So all this information
from the outer world
would feed your inner world.
And imagine that those tiny
cells are living beings
that now are part
of your own body
that travel through your whole
system through your own galaxy
and feed with this information
and see this information
in your own cells.
Now take that image
from your own body
and project it to
the whole galaxy.
Imagine the galaxy being
a body with millions,
billions, thousands of cells
that we call suns and planets.
And each one of them has tiny
little cells inside of it
that creates this energy,
this amount of energy
that we need to go
through all the dimensions
of this galactic system.
When you have this idea,
what you could understand
is that every species and
every race in our galaxy
is related to the cells
of each one of our organs.
So there will be
many species related
to the chakras in our
heads and other ones
in the chakras of our
heart, the plexus chakra.
And, of course, there
would be a lot of them
in the chakras below.
These chakras below are the
ones harvesting the energy
so we could use it to empower
the light of the mind.
When you see that
in that way, you
will understand that we are
just cells inside another body.
So we are not being
used by other beings
in other dimensions or other
worlds harvesting our energy.
We are creating energy not only
for us but for the whole body.
If one planet or one system
doesn't feed the whole system,
it's like one organ in your
body dying or creating cancer.
If we stop feeding the
whole body of the galaxy,
then we die too.
So the process that we need to
learn what other species were
trying to teach us is how
to create our own strength,
how to create our
own center of power.
So that would
connect us with God,
with the energy of the universe
so we could be eternal.
We can create our own energy.
And the excess of
those energies could
feed the rest of the body.
So we don't have to
think about other beings
in the galaxy eating our
energy as something bad.
We have to think in
a biological way.
We have to think
that we create energy
so the body could keep living.
So we are feeding the
galaxy with all this energy
of survival, with all
this energy of creation.
That is why we needed
the agricultures.
The world's agricultors
were the beings
that were looking
for this energy
and opening the portals
of the energy to feed
the system of the whole body.
We are the fertile field
for some of these species.
When I used to see the
worlds in evolution
and see how we
interpreted the worlds,
I could understand that
harvesting those worlds
was something that helped
us to reach the divine,
to reach the idea of
what we here call God.
So this is the same
thing that we have
to think about our own food.
If we are what we eat, we
cannot eat something that is
in disorder.
We cannot eat something
that is distortion.
We need to eat it
properly and enlight it
so we could feel
that light within.
And that is why
the process of many
of the species that decided
to transform our societies--
the goal of them was to help
us to enlighten ourselves.
Because when we come to
be enlightened beings,
we are our own source
of energy and we
feed every species in the
universe by consciousness.
Suddenly, we don't call
that feeding other species.
We call that unconditional love.
It's just another word to
say that we are all together,
that everything
that we do changes
the reality of the whole system.
So for the agricultors of the
galaxy, what they tried to do
was to make the seeds
the better they could,
as enlighted they could.
So when anyone in the universe
would eat or receive the energy
from those seeds, they would
receive exactly the amount
of energy and vibration
to enlighten the cells.
I know there are
many people that
can feel and can know that
there are many beings eating
our energy in other levels.
In the fourth and the fifth
and sixth dimension and even
in the third dimension,
there are some beings
that are eating us constantly.
And we are generating
all this energy.
And we don't know
how to handle it.
And, of course, there
are some other beings
that they don't want us to
be balanced because they
need the low vibration energy.
But as I said, a lot of
beings in the galaxy,
they need to reach
the main source.
And in order to reach the
main source of the spirit,
they need to eat properly and
a high level vibration food.
So for us to be
that good food, we
need also to create
our own good food.
We need to be the main
source of our own energy.
We need to reach the God
and the goddesses within.
And once we do that, we
will generate so much energy
in harmony that every
being in the universe
could just use our energy.
And we won't even notice that.
So that's the main
point of being
the seed of the whole system.
Being the seed means
that in a tiny body,
we have the power to become
the trees of the new universe.
So inside of us, if
we work within us, we
can become those trees where
so many beings can live,
can thrive.
So the goal that
we have here is not
to protect ourselves
from those beings.
It's to improve ourselves
to become more aware
of our potential, of who
we are, who we can become,
and, of course, that the only
tool we have to feed everybody
in balance is
unconditional love.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide Matias De Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will discover
how the conflict for
the power of portals
became a problem in our galaxy.